Would you like the musicians to come and play now?
It seems
Miss, you can hear it just by listening to the tune, right?
I'm not like you starving ghost
Since you are so loving
You can't eat the fine soup with some mangosteen.
What kind of tricks do you expect him to cut?
May I remind you
This is not a food stall
But there is no roujiamo
Potato flour or something, haha.
French Grass Slimozan
Little Fili, not Fili.
Although the two tastes are similar
But little Fili is more tender
How mature does it take?
Medium rare.
And another glass of Dussen to appetizer
Thanks. What do the others want?
Ah I'm like him
Haha, me too.
What about our eldest lady?
Me too.
Ok wait a moment please
Qiuya, you seem to be familiar with this place.
When I walked in the door just now, I saw that something was wrong with you
You see how skilled this menu is
You must have noticed my identity. What is it?